1. Add the string “EOF alpha” at the end of the file(starting at a new line) alpha.txt then append the contents of the file numbers.txt at the end of the file(starting at a new line) alpha.txt. alpha.txt and numbers.txt are located in the current working directory.

2. Print the number of lines present in ‘file1’ and ‘file2’ combined, your solution should not print anything else. ‘file1’ and ‘file2’ are located in the current working directory.

3. There are three files master.txt, half1.txt and half2.txt in the current working directory. Add first 2 lines of half1.txt to the file master.txt at the end(starting at a new line) then append the last 3 lines of the file half2.txt to the file master.txt at the end(starting at a new line). Append the lines in the sequence mentioned.

4.(Imp) An observer wrote a script named createTwingle that produces a file twingle containing names of all the visible stars present in the sky at that instant. Every line in the file twingle is the name of a star. In your current directory the file twingle may or may not be present.
If the file twingle is present in the directory then print the number of lines in the file, else execute the command createTwingle it will create the file twingle in the current working directory then print the number of lines in the file twingle.

5. Print the number of directories in the current working directory. Do not print anything else.

P1.(Imp) List(in long format, use ls -l) all the .txt files in the current working directory and redirect the output to a file named textFiles.txt and also print 'found' to the terminal(without quotes, do not print anything else).
If no .txt file exists redirect the error of your command to the file noFiles.txt and do not print anything.

P2.Given a shell variable month supposed to contain a string value corresponding to some calendar month. Use the cal command to create a file named as X.txt where X is the string value in the variable month. Your command should also create a file named error.txt that should contain the error message if the string month does not correspond to any calendar month. Create all the files in the current working directory.
For example:If the variable month contains the string "nov", your solution should create a file named nov.txt containing the calendar of november month and error.txt should be empty.
And if the variable month contains the string "garbage", your solution should create a file named error.txt containing the error from cal command and garbage.txt should be empty.

P3.Execute the commands given below in the sequence and collect the output/error into a file errorlog as described below.
Execute the command test and redirect the standard error to the file errorlog.
Execute the command test -e and append the standard error output to the file errorlog.
Execute the command test -n. and append the standard error to the file errorlog.